The Joe Rogan experience. So.
Unbelievably compelling though,
to consider the idea that somewhere out there,
there's another civilization that may be even more advanced than us. And this,
this thought of it is just so attractive. It's it's, it's,
it's incredible.
The, the the should be. If.
If civilizations are common or even slightly common,
then there should be civilizations ahead of us because there's been so much
time. But when you want to see what that's like, I mean, we've been Pelling.
You imagined the timescales we've been around as a civilization. Let's,
let's give it say 40,000 years.
I don't know how long our civilization has been around. Let's say that the, the,
the galaxy is pretty much as old as the universe is 13 billion
years worth of time. So the idea that there are no,
no civilizations arose, you know, a hundred million years ago,
200 million years ago, 1 billion years ago.
And imagine what they be like if they'd survived. I mean, we've been,
we've been around, we've had science for,
let's say Cynthia neaten or Copernicus 500 years at most.
We've had a lot what we've done.
We've we've gone beyond the solar system with Voyager. We've walked on the moon.
Um, we've, we're, we're about to go to Mars. I would think. So.
We're about to begin colonizing our own solar system. Um,
so we've done that in 500 years.
So imagine a million years in the future. So I would,
it's one of the arguments often gave to say,
there aren't any civilizations out there in the galaxy.
It's called the Fermi paradox.
Because if you imagine a civilization that's a million years ahead of us,
they should have written their presence across the sky. By now,
they should use to see him. I mean, you'll see us.
If we survive a million years into the future,
actually even a few thousand years into the future,
we will be exploring the galaxy.
We will have spacecraft that are going to with the stars. We will be doing it.
So our signature will become visible.
I'm sure if we last into the medium term, would we.
To not do that?
Here's my thought on that is uncontacted tribes. Like,
do you know about the gentleman who was the missionary who visited north
Sentinel island, who was killed by the natives north Sentinel island,
which is a really unusual place because they branched off from Africa 60,000
years ago. And they've been living on this one, small island,
the size of Manhattan, and as well as we know,
there's only about 39 of them left somewhere around there. And, um,
we can't, we're not supposed to contact them. Like people are not supposed,
we're supposed to like leave them alone.
And there are rare tribe when they find them in the Amazon,
the uncontacted tribes,
our initial instinct is back off back and leave them alone, leave them alone.
Do you think that perhaps a universe,
like if there is a civilization that's a million times more advanced than us
been around here for millions of years of life as opposed quarter million,
why would they, why would they let us know?
Like they look at us dropping bombs on each other and polluting the ocean and
sucking all the fish out and putting the clouds into the skies of dirt and
particles. And why would they literally look at these crude monkeys?
Look at them.
They're so far beyond where they need to be before they could join the galactic
civilization.
Or whatever it is true. It's, it's an.
Argument that there is an argument as well,
that it technology so advanced would be difficult for us to
detect. I mean, we tend to think of, you know,
when you say written across the sky, I suppose it's true.
I'm thinking of star ships and things like star wars, right? Right.
Big energy things that you can see the signature of.
But actually it may be that the civilization just becomes a nano civilization at
tiny little nanobots because that's more efficient.
It's a better way to do things. So it's possible.
I suppose that there are space probes all over the place.
They're so small and it's so efficient and you sell it energy that we just don't
see them. I suppose that is possible.
There's a theory that is actually being tossed about
that. These people that have this ancient, well,
they have this memory of childbirth, right?
So all of a sudden you're being born. There's bright lights above you.
There's a man or a woman. Who's the surgeon with a mask that covers their face.
So all you see is their eyes and everything looks bright and it's
terrifying and clinical, and you're on this table and everything's cold.
Most of these alien abduction experiences that people recount,
they take place in some sort of a medical.
Facility. Yeah.
And everything is bright and strange and cold.
And they think that what this is, is there.
They're saying that we had this idea that children don't have memories,
that babies don't have memories. And so they said, well,
why wouldn't they have memories? That's ridiculous.
Of course they have memories. They have brains, they grab your finger.
They looked you in the eye.
They would have a memory of every second that they were born.
And it's probably one of the most profound and disturbing memories.
Because before that, everything is incredibly peaceful inside the mother's womb.
You're just like taken out, pulled out.
And then there's this bright light above. You never experienced any light.
So every, and your visual perception, your field of view is all distorted,
right? This is the first time you're using your eyes. That's why people are.
So it's like.
Tapping into this memory, this early memory. That's interesting. This is.
A theory. It makes sense to me because of you think that makes more.
Sense than the abduction. So.
Well, it does because people don't really go anywhere. See,
the thing about the abduction thing is they've put like cameras in people's
rooms and, uh, and they say they have these alien abduction experiences,
but they don't go anywhere.
So what they're doing is they're dreaming and which is mindless.
It's amazing. And it's so powerful. And we know so little still. Yeah.
So also like these, all these, I mean, it's, it's kind of duh,
because they all happen while you're sleeping 90 plus percent,
they tend to be medical. Yeah. It's very medical in nature. Right.
You're being examined. And then there's also going back to childbirth.
There's also a lot of people that have these experiences that they are being
told that either they're taking their baby away from them
or they're studying their baby or that they had a baby inside of them that they
didn't know about and that the aliens have put it there and they're.
Taking it out. Right. Yeah. I mean, even goes back to the Virgin birth. Right.
I mean, it's all very weird.
But this, uh, this memory that people have from childhood is, uh,
most likely, uh, you know, probably a pretty intense.
Powerful memory. That's always there. Yeah. And if your first memory, yeah.
Some people can tap into it and some people can't. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah.
Mainline.
Historical books about [inaudible] castles, where they go,
the aliens want blood. So they'd kill like 20 kids and everything today.
It leaves with like, she'll come in and heal.
The blood brings them in like sharks and then they want them technology.
They go, this is how it works.
She built the atomic weapons this way you build it.
And they would like show them bombers. And like, the aliens are like,
telepathic. I don't even believe this. This is what the Nazis believe. And the,
and the aliens with mind-meld and give them the technology. They're bad aliens.
So are you surprised the Nazis were influenced by demons?
No. If demons are real, I definitely think they'd be on the side of the Nazis.
Yeah.
But, but Joe, what I'm telling you is there'll be no immediate,
no media is going to attack this. I'm giving you want to know where read.
It. Where can I read that? Those statements that they were in contact? Well.
Obviously your pockets, real society.
[inaudible] right up there with them. Like, dude, come on for three hours,
evacuee fly here with a report the day before I'll send it all to you with
mainline books.
Also I'll mail the books with the tabs in them and I'll mail documents. Okay.
Cool. Yeah. I'd love I, listen.
I think that they absolutely were obsessed with your calls.
That's been pretty well-documented they made flying saucers and I think, yeah.
Did you talk about that alien craft that came into her? What happened?
We tend to our galaxy. It did well with the Hawaiian name. Oh, so it's over.
You didn't hear about that one. The one that looks like a joint. Yeah.
It looks or a big piece of poo. That's just a real big duty copter.
It's just a weird rock.
I think now they.
Said that, uh,
some like legit people said that it changed speed and went in different
directions. People, legit people.
Scientists. Oh, them guys.
Said that it was, uh, it could be something. Hmm. Could be,
what is Nilda grassy say about.
It. This is not talking right now. Okay. Yeah.
He's in a little bit of a kerfuffle kerfuffle. What's his Jamie. Yeah.
Harvard scientists say aliens may explain bizarre interstellar object.
Yeah. I saw that. And then I saw someone refuting.
Scientists. Harvard. Nobody wants to believe more than me bro. Come on,
Joe. It's real.
Well, if I was going to mask my spaceship to fly through the galaxy,
I would definitely make it look like a big rock, like a big asteroid. Right?
Why wouldn't you driving through space may, maybe with, they were like, look,
if we just make this thing drive by them and don't change speeds.
They'll have no idea. I just think there'll be sight that we miss them. Okay.
A good call. Good call. Someone just hits the gas. I'm tired. Tired.
I don't want it taking too long.
What? You just died.
Well, you got it. The cops are behind the Dave. God it, Dave.
You're not supposed to just take off 65. You.
Let's start throwing this weed out the window.
Why would it be so hard to believe a space, rock traveling.
That would be the move, right? I mean, if they're so advanced,
they can travel through galaxies. They can make this look like anything.
They want it to, why wouldn't you doll it up? Sounds good. Doesn't it? God.
I want to believe so hard.
Well, I, uh, I hope you do because there's going to be,
there's going to be a lot of stuff. I know what you've.
Seen though. So you've seen this piece of metal. What else have you seen? I've.
Seen, uh, many, many documents on the studies of these things.
And um,
I've seen a lot of the science associated with what the
technology is and what it does. Like, uh,
I could show you if I fold up pieces of paper and stuff,
what's going on with it. But basically, uh, you know, these craft,
you know, when you, when you try, they travel in a straight line,
but they're folding space, time.
In event horizon,
where they explain it by folding a piece of paper and punching a pencil through
it. Do you ever see that movie?
But it's more like, um, you know, here I can draw it for you here.
Not that this is a, it's kinda like when you have two points,
um, you know, we're used to traveling in a direction like that.
And so when we look up, we see a plane that goes straight, right? But these,
these UFO's, uh,
fold space time like this.
And so it looks like to them, they're going in a straight line.
So if you're in the ship, you see that. But if you're on the ground,
you see that. That's why you see them blink off. And on a lot of those videos,
they're on the ch it looks like they're jumping.
It's just because of this. So holding space, some.
Way of interfacing with space itself,
that's very different than our idea of traveling in the linear way.
From point a to point B the fabric.
They call it the fabric of space-time because it's like a fabric it's malleable.
Now let me ask.
You this. How often into a conversation,
do people look at you and think you are crazy when you start talking about this
and how long is the time? All the time. Right.
But do you ever get to the point where.
Like, I don't want to talk about no, because it's it's you,
I always tell me you don't know what I know, you know? And there's a lot. I, no,
no. I mean.
Like, do you ever get to the point where you're like,
I can't do this anymore now. People think I'm crazy.
No, because I'm involved on the most important I've ever been in my life.
So you think this is like the most important thing that you've ever done.
Yeah. Like I, I have meetings with senators coming up like, oh what Senator,
I can't tell you, Dan was all this. I can tell you stuff. I know this.
This is some trench.
When is all this going to come out? Like,
it seems like this is like a animate eminent, rather disclosure type.
Watch what my company does. That's what I'll say. Well, that's awesome. Yeah.
I love when someone is like that, you know,
like your friend that hasn't talked for 22 years, I love. Yeah.
You don't hear about that. No.
Or someone that'll stop being in van Halen to go with swords.
Um, yeah. Yeah. It goes with analysts. Do you think they're really bringing.
Him to the Pentagon and like that? I.
Don't know. Cause he said that like I have no clue. And.
I had watched a little bit of your podcast where you were like.
I, you sent me a text message. I'm like, you know,
but I feel.
Like he's made himself readily available to do that.
You know? Like, I don't know. It's a it's I,
I sit and scratch my head and go, I don't know either. I just,
he's such a talented, talented dude too, man. He's like such a good song writer.
Yeah.
He, well, he certainly is certainly a very talented guy.
It's just so interesting that that's his main point of focus. Yeah.
I would think that if, if aliens were real, Trump would have told us.
I really do believe that that guy is, he's such a loose cannon.
He became the president. Like maybe they hid it from him.
Chaotic. His is right now. It would somehow I don't know something would slip,
you know? Yeah.
I would think that if they told him, if they brought him a dosage,
there's two things I would want to know who killed JFK. Those are two things.
I'd want to know if I became the president and are aliens real. What do you got?
What do you got? I go to the top. Generals. I bet. Look,
I'm going to defer to you guys. I'm not a military expert. Okay.
I don't want war, but I want you guys to have support. I got full respect.
Tell me about the alien. What he got was this Trump orders,
establishment of space force. He did that. That's right. The space force.
But that's because there's,
that's actually a military strategy because they're concerned that as technology
improves, Russians are going to be in space and we're going to be in space or,
or fight off the aliens, right? Like will Smith type. Yeah.
Look at him. Yeah. Mike Pence is behind him going, Jesus is going to say,
yeah, I don't know, man. But if I became president and I never will,
but if I did,
those are the two things that I'd want to know who killed JFK and where the
aliens, like I got off from the comedy store. I'd like to,
and then I watched some goofy.
I've been on this UFO documentary kick watching UFO. Documentaries. Yeah.
I told you it was David. I'd seen it. Yeah. We were.
Talking about that. What were you,
did you have something specific that you would saw recently? The documentary.
One of them is, uh, area 51,
Bob Lasar and alien area 51 and flying saucers. It's uh, some,
a documentary on this guy who claimed that he worked on these alien
ships in area 51 in the 1980s and Hills,
as time's gone on Mo more of the things that he said have proven to actually be
true, including an element that he talked about.
Element one 15. I think it was called organism from outer space. No, no, no.
An element like a man created element, you know, at this carbon, well,
there's an element that they created that he talked about way before it was ever
publicized. And he talked about this thing and then it turned out to be true.
He talked about these, um, there's these, um, uh,
hand monitors that you would put your hand on this thing. And these lines,
these metal lines would detect the distances in the bones of your
fingers, the exact distances, and everyone is different.
It's like a signature thing. And that they could find out if it was you or not,
you, it was trying to go through. So the way they would scan people,
the Bioscan would literally measure the bones and their fingers.
And people said that was horseshit. He talked about this in the 1980s.
People said it was horseshit, but then later on turned out, no,
they did have that. And Los Alamos, they did have that in, in area 51.
And that this technology was very, very, uh,
advanced, very, not just very advanced, but very not.
It was not well known at all. Like very few people did.
And this guy who was creative with this documentary,
it was very difficult for them to get photos of this hand scanner.
But this hand scanner did exist and existed. Exactly. As this guy described.
It eighties. I mean, that's super progressive for that time. Even for now.
Did approve his top secret clearance to get to this place.
They know that he actually worked there. There's people that, um,
worked in the same Los Alamos lab with him.
They tried to say he never worked there, but his name's on the manifest.
It's very strange. It's like,
they've tried to erase parts of this guy's past because he, um,
he filmed a bunch of their crafts as they were flying around.
Like he knew what days, this is the thing, that thing right there,
you put your hand on that and it actually measures the distance of your,
the size and length of your bones.
That looks like something that's inside of an escape room in LA.
I went into this documentary skeptical. You should. Yeah, but I am.
I'm so done with all those things. But listen to this guy, talk for a while.
After a while, I was like, what if he's telling the truth?
Like what if he is actually telling the truth?
Because if he's actually telling the truth,
there is some part of the government that had access,
at least in the 1980s to alien technology. You believe in UFOs.
Oh yeah. Oh my God. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. I believe in there's other,
other life forms out there, but I don't, I don't think there coming here,
they might be, here's the thing they might. Well, why not think it, but here's,
here's one thing I do believe most people are full of when it comes to like most
of their stories. Like it's,
it's hard to find a person that could just tell you what happened based on
what they really remember.
People want to jazz things up and they want to add salt and pepper. Yeah.
They just sex with me. They don't,
they don't necessarily tell you the truth that tell you what they think is going
to be an engaging story. That kind of represents a truth. Maybe,
especially when it's a weird thing. Like you saw something in the sky.
What did you really see? How long did you look at it?
For how many seconds was it? Well, I mean,
here's the problem I have with UFO's. I believe there are UFO's,
but I don't think they're coming here. Would you say that?
Because that means they're tech, first of all, if they're coming here,
that means their technology is far way more advanced than ours, right?
So why would they care? If people saw them,
they would show up if I was an alien and I was that far ahead of us,
I would lay in that right in the middle of time square and be like,
what we are here. Why would you do that? But why wouldn't I,
why am I getting in fields where nobody can see us?
Are you aware of how we treat uncontacted tribes?
Yes. To a point, but to a point.
But what I'm saying is if you're that far advanced,
they know if they're coming here, they know they're,
they're way smarter than us because they've traveled here and we don't even know
other from far distances. We can't even imagine. And they're here.
They don't have to hide. It's just,
you think they do it because they have to hide?
Or do you think maybe they do it because we can't handle it because we can't
handle it. Why would they care if we could handle it or not?
Because here's the problem.
Whenever any civilization has ever encountered a civilization
far superior to them,
the results have always been catastrophic every single time.
Every time Europeans have invaded north America,
every time the Spanish visited the Mexicans,
every time that this has happened, it's been a disaster.
And this is human beings.
If there was something that came down here from another planet,
it was so unbelievably sophisticated that it could travel through vast distances
in space and had insurmountable,
impossible technology that we would look to it for all of our
answers, it would become our new daddy.
It would completely disrupt all of our governments.
It would disrupt all of our religions.
It would disrupt every single belief system we have and people would fall apart.
They wouldn't know what to do psychologically. It would be devastating. Look,
I'm not a doctor. I'm not a psychologist,
but I know most people would not be able to handle it. I understand that,
but why would they care? Because that's my whole point, because they care about,
cause it would be affecting our culture. It wouldn't care,
but why wouldn't they care? Well, why would they care? We care about animals,
bro. There's a reason why we have wildlife protection agencies.
We have that because we care about animals and animals don't even know where a
thing. Okay? If you're a deer living in the forest, you're two years old,
you might not have ever even seen a purse. You don't even know what the we are,
but we're trying to keep those deer alive.
We spend billions of dollars every year, protecting them.
We do that because we care about wildlife.
If we cared about a rare monkey that we found in Indonesia,
for some strange monkey,
we would do whatever we could to make sure that that monkeys populations
thrived. If there was a way to help them. I mean,
that's one of the reasons why zoos exist. They take rare animals.
They try to breed them in captivity. And but we're also sharing the same earth.
What would they, maybe they look at the universe that way.
And maybe they look at nuclear civilizations like our civilization. I mean,
our civilization is a very dangerous one because we're a bunch of semi
hairless monkeys with nuclear weapons. I mean, we're nuts, bro.
We're obsessed with sex with Jack off to our phones where we're taking pills to
keep our Dick hard. We're all on speed.
We all have AB these are we're at. And we lie. We lie about.
We lie about things that people did do us. We pretend,
people think did worse things. We pretend that we didn't do things to people.
We lie about stealing. We lie about money. We lie about all kinds of things.
I mean, people are. So.
You're thinking, you're thinking aliens are thinking.
About all that before they come down. Of course they would.
When you discuss the cosmos,
maybe the single most intriguing possibility to us as human beings
is what other intelligent life, if any,
is out there. And how interesting is that to you?
Because you spend so much time studying the fundamental particles of the
universe itself.
How interested are you in the possibility of other intelligent life
forms?
Or have you just like put that out into the it's just so
ridiculously unlikely or so far away from us that we're probably never going to
make contact.
Well, you see, it's not.
So there's the SETI program we're looking at to see where they can
see signals from distance civilizations.
The problem there from my perspective is that although they might be out there,
they've got to have had a real head start on us before you would see them.
They might've done. So, but then I don't know.
You see actually via goes to John who's my Armenian colleague and
who looked also for these ring shaped things and looked at them in a different
way from the Polish people. But, um, we seem to have seen something there,
but we wrote a paper in which we speculated on
beings from the previous Ian communicating with us.
And the advantage there is that you're looking at the really advanced
civilizations fast billions.
Of years ago that they,
their universe disappeared and then had to come
back to a big bank status come through and somehow or another,
those signals. Right.
It's conceivable it. I agree. It's pretty far-fetched but you know,
who knows what.
How many billions of years are you talking about? Like the big bang, 14 billion.
Yes. But you see that's way where at the beginning,
in a sense, or it's three quarters of the way through, in another sense,
it depends on how you draw the pictures, right? In the sense of
interesting this or in the conformal picture,
we are already three quarters.
Of the way through so 14 billion to now. So we have content.
Is yours. You see the trouble is it's this, the cheat sheet,
the year count it's as much as you like, it depends on, on,
on something else.
The mass has to fade out and how you measure the time it becomes problematic.
And it's either infinity, you see which isn't much use,
or you might have a different definitions of time,
which depending on what particle you're using as your clocks and things like
that. So.
Are you essentially saying that it's entirely possible that we are the furthest
in terms of our technological achievement and our understanding of the universe
itself? It's possible that we're at the front of the line though.
There might be some other intelligent life forms in the universe,
but they might be behind us.
Well, there would have been, I'm not saying they got through you say, well,
maybe they have techniques for getting through, but that's,
that's a bit harder to imagine, but, um,
maybe information from them to get through. And.
Maybe you mean from the previous EMS? Yes. Oh,
they might've got through like somehow or another survived.
Yeah. But it would have to be in the form of photons or something.
Yeah know you could, it's not, I'm talking about ridiculous speculate. Sure.
Coding.
Information and to photons. Yes.
Yes. Wow. It's conceivable.
I don't want to say that I see it happening or anything,
but it's not out of the question that they could develop some technology,
which would get information, which might be them in some sense,
uh, across in the form of photons. But you're.
Not optimistic about current intelligent life, somewhere in the universe.
Not too optimistic, just because, um,
well maybe it took us a long time to get going because the dinosaurs were there
for a while and somebody might've got in there earlier and they're different
planets and they could've got there quite ahead of us. It's it's conceivable.
I'm not gonna rule it out. I just not terribly optimistic about it. No,
I think it's worth doing it's worth looking. Yes.
But it's not something that I'm expecting. It's not so much.
I'd be curious certainly, but I'm not expecting it, I guess. Yes.